Sid: My guest can see into the invisible realm.
He's seen demons, he's seen angels.
He's prayed for people with cancer, AIDS,
and they've been healed.
Next on this edition of “It's Supernatural!”
[music]
Centuries have come and gone offering wisdom
and understanding throughout the ages.
Today there should be nothing beyond one's
power to discover.
And yet the strange, unusual and mysterious
world of the supernatural defies understanding.
Stay tuned for a unique and powerful investigation
into a curious undiscovered universe only
on “It's Supernatural!”
[music]
Sid: Hello. I'm Sid Roth your investigative reporter.
I have to tell you, my guest provokes me to
jealousy, because from a young child he's been
able to see into the invisible world.
He's been able to know things that would happen
in the future, and they actually happen.
He's been able to pray for people even with
leukemia.
Tell me about that person with leukemia.
Don: Sid, that was an interesting experience,
and that came after I had been walking with
the Lord for quite a while.
And it was stemmed - a lot of people think
that when you're praying for people and there's
that kind of anointing on your life, that
you're always this like perfect person, and
I think that's how sometimes people think,
“Oh, God would never use me.
You must be perfect.”
And that's not at all how it works.
That was actually stemmed from me actually
being depressed and I wouldn't get out bed.
I had been believing for a particular wife
for some period of time and I wasn't seeing
any results, and I just started saying, you
know, “This faith stuff, forget it.
I'm sick of this.”
At that point in my life God was not really
dealing with me like a baby.
He was dealing with me a little more mature,
and so He just kind of gave me five scriptures.
Very quickly I looked at them, and He basically
said, "Okay, now you get up and get out of
bed and you go in faith, or you stay in that
lower realm of depression."
And I said, “Wow. Okay.”
You know, it's that easy to fall out of faith
just by letting our self - that depression
hit us.
And I started realizing "... without faith
it is impossible to please God", and that
we're supposed to walk in a constant attitude
of faith, and that actually is fighting the
fight of faith, or fighting that battle is
to literally fight back the discouragement.
It's so easy to quit.
It's so easy to die.
Sid: You know, Don, there are - you're looking
at me right now, and there are people in various
stages of depression.
There is a presence of the most Holy God that
will go right through your television set,
and that presence will destroy that depression.
So what did God tell you to do beyond get
out of bed and grow up?
Don: Well he said, “You stop giving into
that.
You stand up and dare to believe in me.
I called you to start believing in me."
So I said, “Okay, fine. I'm up. I'm out of bed.
What do you want to believe for?”
And God goes, “Cancer.”
And I said, “Cancer?
Could we try something a little easier?”
Sid: [Laughs]
God immediately lets me see my heart, “Like
what, You think You're going to heal cancer?”
And I go, “Oh, that's right; You're the
healer, not me.”
And I said, “Okay fine, you want to heal
cancer?
Great.”
And so I start praying for cancer.
He shows me a vision of a little boy with
cancer in a hospital.
And as I'm praying, I all of a sudden stop
and I think, “Wait a second.
You're going to have to be a little more specific
about - am I in Fantasy Island?
I mean, I'm seeing this vision, or is this
real?
I don't - what do I do beyond this?”
Just then the phone rings.
It's a Messianic believer, and she calls up
and says, “Don, I know that God uses you
to heal people, and well, I know you're busy,
but would it be too much to ask?
One of my students has got leukemia.
His mom just called me.
He's in the hospital; he’s supposed to die
in the next two days.
Would it be too much to ask for you to come
down?"
And I said, “No, and not only am I going
to come down," I said, “God is going to
heal him.
You would not believe what I just went through
at my house hanging out with God."
And so a few minutes later -
Sid: Now when you make a statement like that,
Don Paul, you are really putting everything
on the line because you didn't say, “Oh
I'll go and do a nice cosmetic prayer.”
You said “God is going to heal him.”
That's pretty strong.
Don: But it's easier that way.
When God sets it up and shows you there's
no risk; the risk is when you do it and God
hasn't shown you.
Sid: Okay. You go to the hospital. Then what?
Don: Okay.
So we make arrangements down at the hospital.
As I'm walking down the corridor, now keep
in mind God and me, were having a whole experience
at home.
My depression, you know, doubt, unbelief,
getting into a place of faith then seeing
the vision, and I'm really caught up into
this atmosphere with God.
Now we're at the hospital, and as I'm walking
down the corridor toward the boy's door, the
Holy Spirit speaks and he says, “Now listen,
I don't want you to go by what you see.
This little boy has been on chemo, radiation.
He's not going to look good at all, and I
don't want what you see to pull you out, because
if you can't stay in this atmosphere where
you know I'm going to heal him, you won't
be able to bring him to that place, and I
don't want you being brought to where he's
at, where it's impossible."
So I walk into the room expecting to see the
worst, knowing God is going to heal him.
I walk in, he's all tubed up.
Everything, you know, barely can breathe;
just horrible.
And I talk to him for a few minutes and, now
this is the first time I prayed for somebody
and I didn't feel the presence of God.
Now for those of you that don't understand,
sometimes believers will feel the presence
of God, sometimes like warmth or heat, they'll
feel that.
This is the first time I did not feel the
presence of God before he did a miracle,
which is really interesting.
God showed me that a lot of times we'll feel
that presence to help our faith.
But see, he had given me a word so I knew
he was going to do it.
See, God is trying to get us to believe even
if we don't feel the presence.
That's really interesting.
So here we are a few minutes later.
They're singing songs, worshiping God, and
I'm praying for the boy.
I pray for his salvation and baptism in the
Holy Spirit.
Sid: To be filled with God's spirit.
Go ahead.
Don: Yes, to be filled with God's spirit.
And now he's in bed.
He's laying down; he barely can breathe, okay.
His lungs are just full of fluid.
I reach over and I say, “God, clean out
his lungs."
I figured in my mind it would take two to
three weeks, you know.
Instantly stuff started coming up.
All of a sudden, the nurse comes in.
The boy - the guy is getting his lungs cleaned
out.
People are worshiping Jesus.
Everybody is, you know, and the nurse is like,
“What's going on in here?"
Because it looked like it was out of control.
And I said, “We're done."
And we walk out of the room.
Now see, I had told the boy, I said, “Sit
up and act like you're healed."
That's when it happened.
Okay.
So we're out of the room.
I get a call a few days later and she says,
“You're not going to believe this.
The little boy's mom just called me.
The doctors don't understand what happened.
Not only is the little boy healed, he is outside
playing with the next door neighbor kids like
nothing ever happened."
Sid: I've got one question for you.
Don: What?
Sid: What happened to your depression?
Don: (LAUGHS)
Sid: (LAUGHS) You know what happened to his
depression?
We'll be right back after this. Don't go away.
[music]
Hello YouTube mishpochah!
Mishpochah is a Hebrew word; it means family.
This is Sid Roth.
Welcome to my world where it’s naturally
supernatural!
If you’ve been blessed by this show, please
subscribe.
Then click the bell so you won’t miss a
single episode of It’s Supernatural!
[music]
Sid: Hello. I'm Sid Roth your investigative
reporter, and I'm here with Don Paul.
And as I said at the beginning, he provokes
me to jealousy.
He can see in the invisible realm.
I mean, I hear God's voice but the way, uh-oh,
I just heard God's voice.
You see, when you say it you hear it.
He said that someone has just been healed
in their neck and back, and someone without
any hope, hope is going to come.
There are people with AIDS.
When you got full blown AIDS, there's not
much that medical science can do.
But there is a doctor that can help you when
regular doctors say there's nothing we can do.
His name is “the Messiah of Israel”, “Yeshua
or “Jesus”.
AIDS, Don Paul, have you ever prayed for someone
with AIDS?
Don: That's interesting.
I was part of a ministry team for several
years in Los Angeles, California.
And one particular person that's come into
mind, I remember taking him to the ministry
several times.
Now the first time he's riding in my car I
get a vision, and in the spirit realm you
had mentioned about the demonic as well as
angels.
In the spirit realm I saw like a black angel,
if you will, very dark, shining high and lifted
up over his life, and it was a spirit of death
that was trying to kill him.
I didn't even know he had AIDS at the time.
I knew -
Sid: Do you believe that when someone dies
there's always like a spirit of death that's
ready there to take them?
Don: Oh sure. There's all kinds of spirits.
There's all kinds of spirits.
Sid: I guess most people it would blow their
mind if they could see into the invisible
world.
Don: Well God told me a long time ago, he
said, “Don, why do you think I want you
to be obedient?"
And I immediately heard from all the years
of music that I had been involved with,
I immediately heard, [singing] “Under my
thumb" [talking] like Mick Jagger.
Sid: Before you were a believer you were involved
in the music scene.
Don: Right.
And so when God was saying, “Why do you
think I want you obedient?"
And I was thinking, you just want to rule
over me.
That's what came up. And God said, “no.
And he opened my eyes and he showed me the
demonic realm that's all around us.
And he said, “I don't let you see this
most of the time because if I did you wouldn't
enjoy your life."
Then he showed me like a fist coming out of
this realm and he said, “But I see it and
when I say “Duck”, I mean duck.
In other words, I'm trying to protect you."
And part of the reason I think God lets me
see things is because I'm so stubborn sometimes
and so intellectual, it's like “Well, that
doesn't make sense.
I don't want to do it.”
Then he shows me the spirit and I go, I understand.
No problem.
Sid: So you're with this fellow with AIDS.
Don: And I'm with this fellow and I see this
spirit of death that's looming over him.
We start going through - he actually went
through, he came out of a homosexual lifestyle.
That process with him went on over several
years because he would come in, get healed,
get delivered of the demonic spirits he had
opened his soul up to, walk clean for a while,
then fall back into the sexual sin, and then
walk clean again, and fall, and he would be
going through the deliverance.
And you know the Bible talks about, you know
-
Sid: Seven times worse.
Don: Right.
Luckily, he was baptized in the Holy Ghost.
And at that point it was just a battle for
his soul.
And so our team continued to stand with him
and others, and as we would battle that through
and battle that through.
Today he's a minister, he’s got a ministry
to the homosexual community.
He is married.
He has got a beautiful child and none of them
have AIDS, and none of anything, and that's
a testimony to our Papa.
Sid: Tell something that I'm very, very curious
about.
You were into rock type music.
You were a musician.
Now knowing what you know, things that many
people watch on television, the music that
the teens take into their house, how dangerous
is this in the invisible world?
Don: Well as you know, Lucifer was the head
musician.
We always hear that.
Music - coming from music I can really talk
boldly.
I will just say the music I was involved in,
which was rock and roll, there was a lot of
spirits, a lot of doors that get open through
music.
Rebellion enters in.
It is powerful and influencing.
Something that comes to mind is a lot of times
parents will say, “Turn off that music;
it's giving me a headache.”
That headache, most people don't realize,
that headache is spiritual oppression.
Music is designed as we worship God or as
we praise how wonderful he is, the presence
of God inhabits the room.
When we lift up the demonic realm through
that music we evoke demonic spirits.
We will feel that like a headache.
It's not a headache.
It's spiritual clogging.
It's a heaviness that comes in.
And what happens is you can get so under that
music that you don't feel that.
When I was submitting through my season of
healing and deliverance, I remember when my
spiritual father came up and said, “Well
you kind of got this heavy metal, this rock
and roll spirit over you."
Something in me said “What is he talking
about?
That's who I am.
I'm a musician.”
And I heard God say, “You came to submit."
And I said, “Okay fine. I submit to you but
not this guy.
He doesn't know what he's talking about."
So the guy is praying for me and I'm like,
“He's pushing me down!”, you know, as
I go to the ground.
Okay.
The next day I get -
Sid: Wait a second. What happened?
Explain this to me.
Sid: What do you mean He's pushing you down?
Don: Well he's praying for me and I'm starting
to be slain, or -
Sid: The Spirit of God is putting you down
on the floor; is that what you're saying?
Don: Right.
But that spirit of rebellion that's in me
is saying, it's that voice that's in me that's
saying, “No, this guy is pushing me to the
ground”, because it's that spirit that was
just fighting him the whole way down.
But I did yield and let that man of God pray
for me.
The interesting thing was the very next day
my best friend guitar player came in the room
to do a session.
When he entered in, whoa, I felt that heaviness.
And until I yielded to get delivered of that
spirit, I couldn't discern that spirit.
And see, a lot of people, the cleaner we get
in the spirit, the more we discern other spirits.
Isn't that interesting?
Sid: What about we watch on television and
we see psychics and we see “The Exorcist"
or things along those lines?
What could happen to people watching those
things?
Don: Did you ever hear the terminology, “Curiosity
killed the cat"?
Sid: I've heard that.
Don: Okay.
The Bible says, "... think on these things",
"... lovely ... and pure …”, and it’s
not that God is trying to keep us from having
fun.
In fact, when I was first around healing and
deliverance ministries, God was saying, “Don,
it's not that I don't want you to have fun”;
He said, 'there's just certain things that
are called sin and if you do them you open
your soul up."
And the demonic realm will try and transfer.
It's exactly what they used to do with the
Jewish sacrifices that they used to do.
They would pray - when they would sin, a spirit
would enter in, whether it was murder, adultery,
whatever.
The priest would pray the spirits or the sin
into the scapegoat, shut the door of life
and that was how they kept people spiritually
clean.
And God was saying, “It's not that I don't
want you to have fun you just need to understand
there's a spirit realm that you open your
heart and soul up to.
And when we look into dark corridors of depravity
in different areas, by curiosity, we get ensnared.
Sid: Did you hear that?
There is a danger.
But I've got some good news for you.
There's a power that's greater, greater than
that danger.
We'll talk about it when we come back.
Don't go away.
[music]
Sid: Hello. I'm Sid Roth your investigative reporter.
Next week we're going to have a man, he calls
himself Dr. Purpose.
Let's go into the control room and talk about
next week's guest.
Janie, Dr. Purpose, what is his purpose?
Janie: Dr. Purpose helps people to find their
purpose.
He says what we love, what makes angry, what
makes us cry, what irritates us shows us really
what our purpose is.
I mean, people are always asking, why am I
here?
What's my purpose in life?
He had an angelic visitation and that angelic
visitation led him to understand these principles
about purpose.
Sid: And what's so wonderful is it's not just
psychological principles, it's supernatural
principles that will allow an individual to
not only find their purpose in life, but to
focus that purpose and make their life count.
I've got here in the studio, I don't know
what to describe.
You keep provoking me to jealousy.
Don: [Laughs] Are you Jewish?
Sid: Yes.
But doesn't the Bible say that you're supposed
to provoke the Jewish people to jealousy?
Don: You didn't know that I knew.
Sid: I mean, I'm sure that you did.
But we were talking about people that either
ignorantly or even on purpose open themselves
up to the demonic by music or by what they
take into their home.
But how does someone that has opened that
door get rid of what's happened, and even
better than that, I know that there's greater
power in the name of Jesus than there is in
the demonic realm.
Explain that though.
Don: Well you said it yourself.
You said sometimes people do things by omission
and commission.
Isn't that what they had, Israel had the
sacrifices for?
Sometimes people did stuff because they just
wanted to.
Sid: Right.
Don: Sometimes they didn't understand that
they got spiritually defiled.
Okay.
Well God loves us so much, he makes a plan
and a way to get sanctified or cleansed of
the demonic realm, and that's the blood of
Jesus.
See, Jesus was the final sacrifice.
He was the Lamb of God.
I want to just tell anybody if you're going
through any problems, people - I just met
a woman again the other day, hearing
voices and hearing all kinds of things.
Cry out to God, you know, ask him to come
into your heart and to cleanse you with that
blood.
And when we by faith partake of that wonderful
miracle that he did we can partake of the
blessings.
I've seen demons scream.
And you can say anything you want to them,
Mohammed, Buddha.
You can say anything.
You say the blood of Jesus, those demons say,
“Not the blood!
Not the blood!"
And I at first thought this whole blood of
Jesus, this is funny.
But when I saw –
Sid: Wait a second.
I have not seen something like this before.
Don: Okay.
Sid: I believe it, but I haven't seen this
with my eyes.
In other words, you can see in the invisible
realm and see a demon that's sort of attached
to someone?
Don: In a healing or a deliverance, yes on
that, too, but in a healing or a deliverance,
what made me a real believer was seeing people
prayed for.
We had celebrities like Denise Matthews, you
know which is Vanity.
She's now a minister. She used to be with Prince.
A lot of people came through the ministry,
a lot of Hollywood celebrities, and different
people would have manifestations as they were
going through their healing or deliverance.
And the one thing that really stood out to
me was how much, when they started saying,
“And oh the blood of Jesus" or saying, “The
blood of Jesus is against you, devil, loose
them," and the demon would answer back, “not
the blood," I suddenly went if the demonic
hates the blood of Jesus, I'm no dummy, I
love the blood.
Come on, give it to me, anything to cover
me.
See, because it's the blood of Jesus that
shields, protects us from that demonic realm.
Sid: Are you afraid of the demonic realm?
Don: No. And I respect the warfare that
we're in, but I'm not afraid of it.
You will not move in the power of God if you
have fear in you.
And a lot of people don't understand this,
but God said,”I’ve not given you a spirit
of fear, but rather love, strength and a sound
mind."
That reveals that fear is a spirit.
God says that the devil controls you all your
life through fear.
One of the first things God has to do is deliver
fear out of you because you cannot stand in
a spiritual battle or a healing.
People believe God to get healed that they're
so full of fear that they're going to die
and then they wonder why they have such a
problem.
You've got to let the Holy Spirit root the
fear out because “… we are more than a
conqueror ….” Once you know his power
as you yield to God and allow his spirit to
come into you, and to fill you with his power
and authority, see, the devil is not afraid
of me.
The devil is scared to death of the presence
of God.
Sid: Okay, but when sometimes I'll pray and
I won't see any difference, and I might think
it hasn't worked.
I'll say, “the blood of Jesus" and I haven't
seen anything happen.
What's going on in the spirit realm?
Don: I have seen, the Bible says, “The wicked
melt in the presence of God."
So when I was learning my little spiritual
Batman utility belt and I wanted as many weapons
for my warfare as possible, I found out that
worship was one, because God inhabits the
praises and the wicked melt in his presence.
I have seen demonic, when you say the name
of Jesus, I've seen visions as God was revealing
things to me where the demons literally cringe
and pull back.
I have found by even going into a bad situation,
you know, a woman is about to get mugged or
something on the street, if you'll just start
yelling out in faith, “Jesus!
Jesus!
Jesus!" into the situation, the whole atmosphere
will change.
Sid: But you know what I think though, Don?
I think when you say the name and you don't
see a result, you're having an effect and
they're just continuing their lie to you.
Don: Right.
Sid: But I haven't seen this like you have.
Yeah. The thing is you must continue in faith.
And again, your - you get your faith exercised
by, you know, going through the trials and
tribulations.
We all have faith exercises.
Some people say, “Oh well, God wouldn't
have you believe for a Mercedes.”
Well if you were a rich kid and you were given
Volkswagens your whole life, for you, a step
of faith might be to believe for a Mercedes.
If you rode a bicycle your whole life, believing
for a Volkswagen would be a big deal.
So God does give us different types of faith
exercises.
Sid: Has God ever given you money supernaturally?
Don: He has met needs as I've given into his
purpose.
He has come back and taken care of my needs
and yes he has.
Sid: I don't think you want to say this, but
I want to get you to say this.
Tell me what you saw happen in your hand.
Don: Well it's really about leading up to
the place, because if I just jump there then
we miss the whole dynamics of what he was
teaching me, and I don't know if we have time
to go through that.
I have tapes that go into more detail.
But I had basically been giving into
ministries. I was fasting.
I was standing and I had four dollars to my
name.
And I met a ministry where I'm meeting the
ministry team that I'm part of at the time
and they were asking to do an offering.
Now I had been fasting for two or three days,
and I knew at the end of that meeting I was
going to buy myself a cheeseburger, coke
and fries for that four bucks.
And I heard one of the ministers say, “Maybe
we should put an offering plate in case anybody
wants to give."
And I went, “Woo, do, do, do - not me.
I know what I'm spending that money on.”
And a few minutes later they asked for that,
and I really recognized that I was in fear
to give because back then I thought you would
die if you fasted more than three days.
Okay.
I end up giving two dollars of the four dollars
that I had into that offering plate.
And then I said, “Okay God”, because what
was going through my mind was, “Wait a second,
I'm not playing church here.”
I walked out of church as a little boy because
no miracles were happening.
I want to know God.
And I told him, “If you'll be the God of
the Bible I'll follow you.”
So I gave the two dollars and I said, this
thing either works or it doesn't.
And so now I'm in faith.
Okay God, what are you going to do?
What are you going to do?
And he has me go down to the hamburger place.
I was challenged three times by unbelief that
nothing was ever going to happen.
And finally the presence of God actually multiplied
my four dollars back, and I actually bought
the cheeseburger, coke and fries.
Sid: Let me just tell you the interesting
thing is he didn't want to say that because
he felt too many people would be skeptical.
But he saw the money multiply, multiply in
his hands.
Can you imagine what that would do for your
faith?
But I believe we're in a time in history where
God is going to build you up to be the man
or woman he's called you to be.
There is a destiny on your life.
If you will tell God you're sorry for your
sins, believe that blood of Jesus washed your
sins away and say, Jesus, I make you my Lord.
I want to know you.
I want to hear your voice.
Someone's back has just been healed in Jesus'
name.
That hope that you didn't have before, it's
flooding you right now.
You're being flooded with supernatural faith
right now in Jesus' name.
[music]